README.md, before:

# disertatie
existing file:
(user-location.csv)

1)dbscan.py - runs the dbscan, and creates the transition lists and matrix, and plots the graphs
 (transition_mat.json, transition_list.json, sp_trans_list.json, user-location-clustered.csv)
2)processing.py - write in the csv the interest points snap points and streets (user_location_partially_written.csv)
3)google_requsts_urls.py - formats the google requests (google_requests.json)
4)call_google_api.py - calls the google requests (google_answers.json)
5)updating_user_location_with_google_answers.py - adds google answers to the csv (user_location_with_snap_points.csv)
6)here_requests.py - formats and calls the here requests (here_answers.json)
7)updating_user_location_with_here_answers.py - adds here answers to the csv (user_location_with_snap_points_and_streets.csv)
8)adding_streets_to_matrix.py - adds the streets names to the matrix (transition_mat_with_streets.json)
9)interest_point_schedule.py - compute 24 x 7 x 10 matrix schedule (schedule.json)
10)routes_max_times.py - compute the routes max times (routes_max_times.json)
11)interest_points_max_times.py - compute the max times of staying in each interest point (max_times.json)
12)show_graph.py - plots the collected points and the interest points
13)main.py - tests if the user has got lost or confused and sends an alert


tests
exemplu 1)
facem un exemplu asa, in care pur si simplu strada nu se afla in lista din istoric pentru acea sursa si aceea destinatie?
si dam alert?

exemplu 2)
am putea sa avem tot asa, un exemplu la care nu e setata destinatia, si atunci se uita in toate listele pentru aceea sursa
si tot nu gaseste
si da alert

exemplu 3)
facem si un exemplu 3 de succes
in care gaseste strada in lista
si timpul petrecut pe traseu e mai mic decat timpul maxim din istoric

exemplul 4)
al 4-lea exemplu e cand se afla intr-un punct de interes, dar sta in el mai mult decat in istoric. Dam alert

exemplul 5)
in care e intr-un punct marti la 10:30, si nu a mai fost nicioadata acolo in intervalul 10-11 martea, si dam alert

exemplu 6)
tranzitia dureaza prea mult (se depaseste maximul istoric pentru rutele cu sursa respectiva)

main.py

- verifying that the historical maximum of staying in a interest point was not surpassed
- verifying that at the user has been in the current interest point before in history at the same hour and day of the week
- verifying that the current route didn't surpass the maximum historical duration for the current source and destination
- verifying that the current street is found in a historical route from the current source to the current destination
- verifying, in the case when no destination was set, that the current street is found in all historical routes starting at the current source

Commit message:

add list of intersections for transition_mat.json

README.md, after:

# disertatie
existing file:
(user-location.csv)

1)dbscan.py - runs the dbscan, and creates the transition lists and matrix, and plots the graphs
 (transition_mat.json, transition_list.json, sp_trans_list.json, user-location-clustered.csv)
2)processing.py - write in the csv the interest points snap points and streets (user_location_partially_written.csv)
3)google_requsts_urls.py - formats the google requests (google_requests.json)
4)call_google_api.py - calls the google requests (google_answers.json)
5)updating_user_location_with_google_answers.py - adds google answers to the csv (user_location_with_snap_points.csv)
6)here_requests.py - formats and calls the here requests (here_answers.json)
7)updating_user_location_with_here_answers.py - adds here answers to the csv (user_location_with_snap_points_and_streets.csv)
8)adding_streets_to_matrix.py - adds the streets names to the matrix (transition_mat_with_streets.json)
9)interest_point_schedule.py - compute 24 x 7 x 10 matrix schedule (schedule.json)
10)routes_max_times.py - compute the routes max times (routes_max_times.json)
11)interest_points_max_times.py - compute the max times of staying in each interest point (max_times.json)
12)show_graph.py - plots the collected points and the interest points
13)main.py - tests if the user has got lost or confused and sends an alert
14)add_points_to_matrix.py - adding route's points to transition_mat (transition_mat_with_streets_and_points.json)
15)add_info_to_matrix.py - adding roation, intersections and intersection_list to transition_mat (transition_mat_with_streets_and_points_and_info.json)
14)show_graph_1.py - plot graph for start_point, end_point and index of route from trans_mat
15)show_graph_2.py - plot graph for a csv
16)intersections.py - write number of intersections for trans_mat (intersections.txt)


tests
exemplu 1)
facem un exemplu asa, in care pur si simplu strada nu se afla in lista din istoric pentru acea sursa si aceea destinatie?
si dam alert?

exemplu 2)
am putea sa avem tot asa, un exemplu la care nu e setata destinatia, si atunci se uita in toate listele pentru aceea sursa
si tot nu gaseste
si da alert

exemplu 3)
facem si un exemplu 3 de succes
in care gaseste strada in lista
si timpul petrecut pe traseu e mai mic decat timpul maxim din istoric

exemplul 4)
al 4-lea exemplu e cand se afla intr-un punct de interes, dar sta in el mai mult decat in istoric. Dam alert

exemplul 5)
in care e intr-un punct marti la 10:30, si nu a mai fost nicioadata acolo in intervalul 10-11 martea, si dam alert

exemplu 6)
tranzitia dureaza prea mult (se depaseste maximul istoric pentru rutele cu sursa respectiva)

main.py

- verifying that the historical maximum of staying in a interest point was not surpassed
- verifying that at the user has been in the current interest point before in history at the same hour and day of the week
- verifying that the current route didn't surpass the maximum historical duration for the current source and destination
- verifying that the current street is found in a historical route from the current source to the current destination
- verifying, in the case when no destination was set, that the current street is found in all historical routes starting at the current source
